# swiss
This implements a "Swiss Event" as described at https://www.croquet.org.uk/?p=tournament/regulations#F3 and where the tie breaker (M2(c)(6)) is "Net hoops (first across all games and then in the games between tied players) may be used for a level play event.". The rules were copied and pasted here on 17/8/2020.
## Concept. 
A format in which every player plays in every round, with players paired, as far as possible, against adversaries on the same score. No player should meet a player more than once. The number of rounds should normally be at least two greater than the number of rounds required in a single-life knockout event for the same entry.
## Determination of pairings.
The following rules are applied in the order in which they appear below.
1. Positions in the draw for the first round are determined by lot.
1. No player may play the same adversary more than once except in the final round as a tie-break under Regulation M2(c)(6).
1. After each round all players are grouped in order of their cumulative scores. The players within each group are then ordered as in the previous round.
1. Pairings for the next round are generated by pairing players as follows:
   1. The top two players.
   1. The bottom two players.
   1. The top two unpaired players.
   1. The bottom two unpaired players; and so on until all players are paired.
1. A player who cannot be paired as above is paired instead with the unpaired player whose record is closest to his own. If the draw becomes blocked, so that no such pairing is possible, then it will be necessary to 'rewind' some of the pairings made in order that another pairing can be made to resolve the blockage.
## BYES AND DEFAULTS.
1. If the number of players is odd, or becomes odd by a player withdrawing, then, for pairing purposes, an imaginary player named "Bye" is introduced whose score is permanently zero. If a real player is paired with "Bye" in any round, he is deemed to win by the maximum margin. "Bye" is withdrawn if the number of real players later becomes even.
1. If a player defaults in any round, his adversary is deemed to win by the maximum margin.
1. No player may be paired with "Bye" more than once.
## DETERMINATION OF THE WINNER.
1. The winner is the player who has won the most games.
1. If there is a tie between two players who have played each other, the winner is the winner of the game between them.
1. If there is a tie between more than two players, all of whom have played each other, the winner is the player who has won the most games in the games between the players in the tie.
1. If there is a tie between more than two players, one of whom has played and defeated all of the other players in the tie, the winner is that player.
1. If there is still a tie, Regulation M2(c)(6) may be applied.
